#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.16
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
altair==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via langchain-core
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
beautifulsoup4==4.13.3
    # via favicon
blinker==1.9.0
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via streamlit
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   streamlit
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via streamlit-cookies-manager
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via llama-cpp-python
entrypoints==0.4
    # via streamlit-extras
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
faker==37.1.0
    # via streamlit-faker
favicon==0.7.0
    # via markdownlit
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.57.0
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.3.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via streamlit
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
htbuilder==0.9.0
    # via
    #   markdownlit
    #   st-annotated-text
    #   streamlit-extras
huggingface-hub==0.20.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit-camera-input-live
    #   streamlit-image-coordinates
    #   streamlit-keyup
    #   torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
langchain==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.0.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
langchain-core==0.1.19
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
langsmith==0.0.83
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
llama-cpp-python==0.2.26
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==5.3.2
    # via markdownlit
markdown==3.7
    # via
    #   markdownlit
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdownlit==0.0.7
    # via streamlit-extras
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.10.1
    # via streamlit-faker
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
narwhals==1.34.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   plotly
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
nltk==3.9.1
    # via sentence-transformers
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   llama-cpp-python
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pydeck
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   streamlit
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.4.5.8
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.4.127
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.4.127
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.4.127
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.1.0.70
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.2.1.3
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.5.147
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.6.1.9
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.3.1.170
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparselt-cu12==0.6.2
    # via torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.21.5
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.4.127
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.4.127
    # via torch
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   plotly
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via streamlit
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
    #   torchvision
plotly==6.0.1
    # via streamlit-extras
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via streamlit-extras
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   streamlit-extras
pyarrow==19.0.1
    # via streamlit
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via pydantic
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pymdown-extensions==10.14.3
    # via markdownlit
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   transformers
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   favicon
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.15.2
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via sentence-transformers
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
st-annotated-text==4.0.2
    # via streamlit-extras
st-theme==1.2.3
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit==1.44.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdownlit
    #   st-theme
    #   streamlit-avatar
    #   streamlit-camera-input-live
    #   streamlit-card
    #   streamlit-cookies-manager
    #   streamlit-embedcode
    #   streamlit-extras
    #   streamlit-faker
    #   streamlit-image-coordinates
    #   streamlit-keyup
    #   streamlit-toggle-switch
    #   streamlit-vertical-slider
streamlit-avatar==0.1.3
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-camera-input-live==0.2.0
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-card==1.0.2
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-cookies-manager==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
streamlit-embedcode==0.1.2
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-extras==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdownlit
    #   streamlit-faker
streamlit-faker==0.0.3
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-image-coordinates==0.1.9
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-keyup==0.3.0
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-toggle-switch==1.0.2
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-vertical-slider==2.5.5
    # via streamlit-extras
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   streamlit
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.15.2
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
torch==2.6.0
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.21.0
    # via sentence-transformers
tornado==6.4.2
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.37.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
triton==3.2.0
    # via torch
typing-extensions==4.13.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   llama-cpp-python
    #   multidict
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   faker
    #   pandas
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
validators==0.34.0
    # via streamlit-extras
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via streamlit
yarl==1.19.0
    # via aiohttp
